website name: http://planner.ashishmangukiya.com

api : http://plannerapi.ashishmangukiya.com

apidoc :http://plannerapidoc.ashishmangukiya.com

eventDoc : http://plannereventdoc.ashishmangukiya.com

GITHUB links:->
	
frontend:
	https://github.com/ashishmangukiya/meeting-planner-frontend-dist
	https://github.com/ashishmangukiya/meeting-planner-frontend-code
backend:
	https://github.com/ashishmangukiya/meeting-planner-backend



Project Description:

User Activity:

1) if new user is using this application then user has to sign up first.
   
	if user miss any requirement during sigh-up form filling then user will get an error and user can re-correct it easily
2) once registration done . before log-in  user has to verify account for that verification link is sent to user's email.

3) once user logged-in user will get google look calender. 
	in this calender user can view any meeting schedule with perfect starts and ends time with meeting name and meeting description.
	meeting schedule will be shown to user with different colors of circle . 
	if user hover on any circle then meeting name will be displayed
4) if user click on any meeting then user will get all information about meeting.

5)if user forgot password then on log-in page  user has to enter email id and click on forgot password button to set new password

6)whenever meeting schedule will be created/updated/deleted by any admin  at the same time user will get notification for that meeting schedule every time. so user can easily understand that which meeting is created/deleted/updated.


Admin Activity:

1) if new admin is using this application then admin has to sign up first.

	if admin miss any requirement during form filling then admin will get an error and admin can re-correct it easily
2) once registration done . before log-in  admin has to verify account for that verification link is sent to admin's email.

3) once admin logged in. admin will get dashboard page where all registered user list will be displayed .
	admin can click on user to arrange meeting schedule.

4) once admin clicks on user, admin will get user's calender with current date page.
	admin will have option to create new meeting schedule.

	if admin has already created few meeting schedule for that user then all meeting will be displayed on calendar (default).
	 and all meeting detail will be displayed on table also , so if admin want to update or delete schedule then click on view button for respected schedule. 
	if admin has to fill the form as requirement and sent to that user .
	every time whenever admin creates/deletes/updates any meeting schedule then admin will get notification at the same time 

5)if admin forgot password then on log-in page  admin has to enter email id and click on check box to set new password

6) reminder feature:
	
	if any user has less then 3 minutes remains to start meeting , like user has meeting on  2:30pm then  admin has to click on user in between 2:27 to 2:30 so automatically reminder will be sent to respected users.  or refresh  page in between 2:27 to 2:30 on user's page 

	if user is online then user will get reminder notification when meeting has less then 3 minutes to start  and if user has not click on reminder notification then notification will again pop-up in next 5 second every time . if user click on reminder notification then reminder will be stopped automatically. and on admin side page will be refresh automatically  

	if user never click on reminder notification then reminder will be automatically off on 2:30 

	if user is offline and has meeting reminder then user will get email with alert message.



 











 
